#Outlook   Temperature  Humidity  Windy  Play
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  no
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy   mild         high      TRUE   no
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy      cool        high   FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast      hot          high      FALSE  no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE	 no
sunny      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   yes
rainy   mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
overcast      cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy      mild         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE  no
rainy      hot          high      TRUE	 no
sunny      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         high   TRUE   yes
overcast   mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool        high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         high   TRUE   no
rainy      mild         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE  no
sunny      hot          high      TRUE	 no
overcast      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  no
overcast      cool         normal    TRUE   yes
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   no
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
rainy   cool         normal    TRUE   yes
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    FALSE  no
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  no
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy   mild         high      TRUE   no
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy      cool        high   FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast      hot          high      FALSE  no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE	 no
sunny      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   yes
rainy   mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
overcast      cool         normal    TRUE   no
rainy      mild         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE  no
rainy      hot          high      TRUE	 no
sunny      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         high   TRUE   yes
overcast   mild         high      TRUE   yes
overcast   hot          normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool        high      FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      cool         high   TRUE   no
rainy      mild         normal    FALSE  yes
rainy      mild         high      TRUE   no
sunny      hot          high      FALSE  no
sunny      hot          high      TRUE	 no
overcast      mild         high      FALSE  no
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  no
overcast      cool         normal    TRUE   yes
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    TRUE   no
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
rainy   cool         normal    TRUE   yes
sunny      cool         normal    FALSE  yes
sunny      mild         normal    FALSE  no
overcast   hot          high      FALSE  yes
overcast   cool         normal    TRUE   yes


